JBBATTERY, a BESS battery energy storage system manufacturers. we pride ourselves on bringing commercial and households energy storage products they can depend on, built from the highest quality, highest powered lithium iron phosphate lifepo4 battery.

JB Battery OEM&ODM lithium-ion battery pack for large-scale energy storage system, grid-scale battery storage system, utility-scale battery storage system, microgrid ESS energy storage system and integrated energy storage system for house hold, hospital, school and other public energy storage. We can offer the whole solution of battery energy storage systems including the solar panels, solar inverter generator and lithium ion battery for energy storage, at JB Battery, we give you the best solar generator for off-grid living with renewable energy storage. Battery storage systems store electricity, such as from a solar system or the electricity grid, for use at another time. small systems (1 kilowatt hour (kWh) to 12kWh) for households or small to medium businesses.

[JB BATTERY](https://www.jbbess.com/), a battery energy storage system manufacturers in China over 15 years. We are different from all other lithium battery companies due to the reliability and performance of our cells. We specialize in selling high quality custom lithium ion batteries pack for golf cart,forklift truck, boats, RVs, solar panel banks, specialty electric vehicles, and more. So far we have distributed over 15,000 batteries worldwide. Our profession is good at energy storage, we supply safety energy storage solutions and batterys, they have operated millions of hours safely.

Not only does JBBATTERY have one of the largest inventories of LIFEPO4 batteries in the world, we also have the ability to build custom batteries for virtually any application. An example is our custom 24v 36v and 48 batteries built specifically for trolling motors. Never before have boaters been able to travel further
on a trolling motor battery. This is what JBBATTERY specializes in, finding practical solutions to challenging power situations. Lithium Battery Power's ultimate goal is to meet the demand of efficient reliable power for future generations to come. Please don't hesitate to contact JBBATTERY directly with any questions on using lithium batteries as your primary power source and energy storage.
